ICI Lombard a prominent private General
Insurance company and policy Bazaar
India's largest Insurance platform have
joined hands in a strategic partnership
this collaboration aims to leverage
ICICI Lombard's extensive product
portfolio and policy bazars vast reach
to offer accessible Insurance Solutions
to Indian consumers partnership
facilitates access to a wide range of
insurance products including motor
Health travel home and Business
Insurance to nearly 10 million customers
this inclusion spans across various
business lines of the policy Bazaar
platform catering to retail audiences
corporates and channel Partners through
this collaboration Insurance
distribution is expected to be
significantly enhanced ensuring
comprehensive coverage reaches every
corner of the nation via a seamless
digital platform provided by policy
Bazar established in 2001 ICICI Lombard
General Insurance Company Limited is a
leading private sector General Insurance
company in India it offers a diversified
range of products and risk Management
Solutions through multiple distribution
channels as of today the stock of ICI
Lombard opened at rupees
17223 and has experienced fluctuations
throughout the trading session the
company's stock is categorized under BSE
group a and has a market cap of rupees
83,8 15.62 CR investments in Securities
Market are subject to Market risks read
all the related documents carefully
before investing